I agree with the Court that In re Seagate Technology, LLC, 497 F. 3d 1360 (CA
Fed. 2007) (en banc), takes too mechanical an approach to the award of enhanced
damages. But, as the Court notes, the relevant statutory provision, 35 U.S.C.
§284, nonetheless imposes limits that help produce uniformity in its application
and maintain its consistency with the basic objectives of patent law. See U. S.
Const., Art. I, §8, cl. 8 ("To promote the Progress of Science and useful
Arts"). I write separately to express my own understanding of several of those
limits.

First, the Court's references to "willful misconduct" do not mean that a court
may award enhanced damages simply because the evidence shows that the infringer
knew about the patent and nothing more. Ante, at 11. "'[W]illfu[l]' is a 'word
of many meanings whose construction is often dependent on the context in which
it appears.'" Safeco Ins. Co. of America v. Burr, 551 U.S. 47, 57, 127 S. Ct.
2201, 167 L. Ed. 2d 1045 (2007). Here, the Court's  [**295]  opinion, read as a
whole and in context, explains that "enhanced damages are generally appropriate
. . . only in egregious cases." Ante, at 8-9 (emphasis added); ante, at 11
(Enhanced damages "should generally be reserved for egregious cases typified by
willful misconduct" (emphasis added)). They amount to a "'punitive'" sanction
for engaging in conduct that is either "deliberate" or "wanton." Ante, at
[***26]  8; compare Aro Mfg. Co. v. Convertible Top Replacement Co., 377 U.S.
476, 508, 84 S. Ct. 1526, 12 L. Ed. 2d 457, 1964 Dec. Comm'r Pat. 760 (1964)
("bad-faith infringement"), and Seymour v. McCormick, 57 U.S. 480, 16 How. 480,
488, 14 L. Ed. 1024 (1854) ("malicious pirate"), with ante, at 10-11, and n. 1
("objective recklessness"). The Court refers, by way of example, to a "'wanton
and malicious pirate' who intentionally infringes another's patent--with no
doubts about its validity or any notion of a defense--for no purpose other than
to steal the patentee's business." Ante, at 9. And while the Court explains that
"intentional or knowing" infringement "may" warrant a punitive sanction, the
word it uses is may, not must. Ante, at 10. It is "circumstanc[e]" that
transforms simple knowledge into such egregious behavior, and that makes all the
difference. Ante, at 11.

Second, the Court writes against a statutory background specifying that the
"failure of an infringer to obtain the advice of counsel . . . may not be used
to prove that the accused infringer wilfully infringed." §298. The Court does
not weaken this rule through its interpretation of §284. Nor should it. It may
well be expensive to obtain an opinion of counsel. See Brief for Public
Knowledge et al. as Amici Curiae 9 ("[O]pinion[s] [of counsel] could easily cost
up to $100,000 per patent"); Brief for Internet Companies as Amici Curiae 13
(such opinions cost "tens [***27]  of thousands of dollars"). Such costs can
prevent an innovator from getting a small business up and running. At the same
time, an owner of a small firm, or a scientist, engineer, or technician working
there, might, without being "wanton" or "reckless," reasonably determine that
its product does not infringe a particular patent, or that that patent is
probably invalid. Cf. Association for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad  Genetics,
Inc., 569 U.S. ___, ___, 133 S. Ct. 2107, 186 L. Ed. 2d 124 (2013) (slip op., at
13) (The "patent['s] [own] descriptions highlight the problem[s] with its
claims"). I do not say  [*1937]  that a lawyer's informed opinion would be
unhelpful. To the contrary, consulting counsel may help draw the line between
infringing and noninfringing uses. But on the other side of the equation lie the
costs and the consequent risk of discouraging lawful innovation. Congress has
thus left it to the potential infringer to decide whether to consult
counsel--without the threat of treble damages influencing that decision. That
is, Congress has determined that where both "advice of counsel" and "increased
damages" are at issue, insisting upon the legal game is not worth the candle.
Compare §298 with §284.

Third, as the Court explains, enhanced damages may not "serve to compensate
patentees" for infringement-related costs or litigation expenses.  [***28] Ante,
at 3-4. [**296]  That is because §284 provides for the former prior to any
enhancement. §284 (enhancement follows award of "damages adequate to compensate
for the infringement"); see ante, at 4. And a different statutory provision,
§285, provides for the latter. Ibid.; Octane Fitness, LLC v. ICON Health &
Fitness, Inc., 572 U.S. ___, 134 S. Ct. 1749, 188 L. Ed. 2d 816 (2014) (slip
op., at 7-8) (fee awards may be appropriate in a case that is "'exceptional'" in
respect to "the unreasonable manner in which [it] was litigated").

I describe these limitations on enhanced damages awards for a reason. Patent
infringement, of course, is a highly undesirable and unlawful activity. But
stopping infringement is a means to patent law's ends. Through a complex system
of incentive-based laws, patent law helps to encourage the development of,
disseminate knowledge about, and permit others to benefit from useful
inventions. Enhanced damages have a role to play in achieving those objectives,
but, as described above, that role is limited.

Consider that the U. S. Patent and Trademark Office estimates that more than
2,500,000 patents are currently in force. See Dept. of Commerce, Patent and
Trademark Office, A. Marco, M. Carley, S. Jackson, & A. Myers, The USPTO
Historical Patent Files: Two Centuries of Invention, No. 2015-1, p. 32, fig. 6
(June [***29]  2015). Moreover, Members of the Court have noted that some "firms
use patents . . . primarily [to] obtai[n] licensing fees." eBay Inc. v.
MercExchange, L. L. C., 547 U.S. 388, 396, 126 S. Ct. 1837, 164 L. Ed. 2d 641
(2006) (Kennedy, J., concurring). Amici explain that some of those firms
generate revenue by sending letters to "'tens of thousands of people asking for
a license or settlement'" on a patent "'that may in fact not be warranted.'"
Brief for Internet Companies as Amici Curiae 12; cf. Letter to Dr. Thomas Cooper
(Jan. 16, 1814), in 6 Writings of Thomas Jefferson 295 (H. Washington ed. 1854)
(lamenting "abuse of the frivolous patents"). How is a growing business to react
to the arrival of such a letter, particularly if that letter carries with it a
serious risk of treble damages? Does the letter put the company "on notice" of
the patent? Will a jury find that the company behaved "recklessly," simply for
failing to spend considerable time, effort, and money obtaining expert views
about whether some or all of the patents described in the letter apply to its
activities (and whether those patents are even valid)? These investigative
activities can be costly. Hence, the risk of treble damages can encourage the
company to settle, or even abandon any challenged activity.

To say this [***30]  is to point to a risk: The more that businesses,
laboratories, hospitals, and individuals adopt this approach, the more often a
patent will reach beyond its lawful scope to discourage lawful activity, and the
more often patent-related demands will frustrate, rather than "promote," [*1938]
the "Progress of Science and useful Arts." U. S. Const., Art. I, §8, cl. 8; see,
e.g., Eon-Net LP v. Flagstar Bancorp, 653 F. 3d 1314, 1327 (CA Fed. 2011)
(patent holder "acted in bad faith by exploiting the high cost to defend [
patent] litigation to extract a nuisance value settlement"); In re MPHJ
Technology Invs., LLC, 159 F. T. C. 1004, 1007-1012 (2015) (patent owner sent
more than 16,000 letters demanding settlement for using "common office
equipment" under a patent it never  [**297]  intended to litigate); Brief for
Internet Companies as Amici Curiae 15 (threat of enhanced damages hinders
"collaborative efforts" to set "industry-wide" standards for matters such as
internet protocols); Brief for Public Knowledge et al. as Amici Curiae 6
(predatory patent practices undermined "a new and highly praised virtual-reality
glasses shopping system"). Thus, in the context of enhanced damages, there are
patent-related risks on both sides of the equation. That fact argues, not for
abandonment of enhanced damages, but for their careful application, to ensure
that they only target cases [***31]  of egregious misconduct.

One final point: The Court holds that awards of enhanced damages should be
reviewed for an abuse of discretion. Ante, at 12-13. I agree. But I also believe
that, in applying that standard, the Federal Circuit may take advantage of its
own experience and expertise in patent law. Whether, for example, an infringer
truly had "no doubts about [the] validity" of a patent may require an assessment
of the reasonableness of a defense that may be apparent from the face of that
patent. See ante, at 9. And any error on such a question  would be an abuse of
discretion. Highmark Inc. v. Allcare Health Management System, Inc., 572 U.S.
___, ___, n. 2, 134 S. Ct. 1744, 188 L. Ed. 2d 829 (2014) (slip op., at 4, n. 2)
("A district court would necessarily abuse its discretion if it based its ruling
on an erroneous view of the law" (internal quotation marks omitted)).

In this case, a jury returned a legally impermissible verdict. The trial judge
did not realize the error until shortly after he excused the jury. He brought
the jury back and ordered them to deliberate again to correct the mistake. The
question before us is whether a federal district court can recall [***6]  a jury
it has discharged, or whether the court can remedy the error only by ordering a
new trial.

This Court now holds that  [HN1] a federal district court has the inherent power
to rescind a jury discharge order and recall a jury for further deliberations
after identifying an error in the jury's verdict. Because the potential of
tainting jurors and the jury process after discharge is extraordinarily high,
however, this power is limited in duration and scope, and must be exercised
carefully to avoid any potential prejudice.

I

Petitioner Rocky Dietz was driving through an intersection in Bozeman, Montana,
when Hillary Bouldin ran the red light and T-boned Dietz. As a result of the
accident, Dietz suffered injuries to his lower back that caused him severe pain.
He sought physical therapy, steroid injections, and other medications to treat
his pain. Dietz sued Bouldin for negligence. Bouldin removed the case to Federal
District Court. See 28 U. S. C. §§1332, 1441.

At trial, Bouldin admitted that he was at fault for the accident and that Dietz
was injured as a result. Bouldin also stipulated that Dietz' medical expenses of
$10,136 were reasonable and necessary as a result of the collision. The only
disputed issue at trial [***7]  for the jury to resolve was whether Dietz was
entitled to damages above $10,136.

During deliberations, the jury sent the judge a note asking: "'Has the $10,136
medical expenses been paid; and if so, by whom?'" App. 36. The court discussed
the note with the parties' attorneys and told them he was unsure whether the
jurors understood that their verdict could not be less than that stipulated
amount, and that a mistrial would be required if the jury did not return a
verdict of at least $10,136. The judge, however, with the consent of both
parties, told the jury that the information they sought was not relevant to the
verdict.

The jury returned a verdict in Dietz' favor but awarded him $0 in damages. The
judge thanked the jury for its service and ordered them "discharged," telling
the jurors they were "free to go." App. to Pet. for Cert. 25a. The jurors
gathered their things and left the courtroom.

A few minutes later, the court ordered  [**169]  the clerk to bring the jurors
back. Speaking with counsel outside the jury's presence, the court explained
that it had "just stopped the jury from leaving the building," after realizing
that the $0 verdict was not "legally possible in view of stipulated damages
[***8]  exceeding $10,000." Id., at 26a. The court suggested two alternatives:
(1) order a new trial or (2) reempanel the jurors, instructing them to award at
least the stipulated damages, and ordering them to deliberate anew.

[*1891]  Dietz' attorney objected to reempaneling the discharged jurors, arguing
that the jury was no longer capable of returning a fair and impartial verdict.
The court reiterated that none of the jurors had left the building, and asked
the clerk whether any had even left the floor where the courtroom was located.
The clerk explained that only one juror had left the building to get a hotel
receipt and bring it back.

Before the jurors returned, the judge told the parties that he planned to order
the jury to deliberate again and reach a different verdict. The judge explained
that he would "hate to just throw away the money and time that's been expended
in this trial." Id., at 28a. When the jurors returned to the courtroom, the
judge questioned them as a group and confirmed that they had not spoken to
anyone about the case.

The judge explained to the jurors the mistake in not awarding the stipulated
damages. He informed the jurors that he was reempaneling them and would ask them
to start over [***9]  with clarifying instructions. He asked the jurors to
confirm that they understood their duty and to return the next morning to
deliberate anew. The next day, the reassembled jury returned a verdict awarding
Dietz $15,000 in damages.

On appeal, the Ninth Circuit affirmed. 794 F. 3d 1093 (2015). The court held
that a district court could reempanel the jury shortly after dismissal as long
as during the period of dismissal, the jurors were not exposed to any outside
influences that would compromise their ability to reconsider the verdict fairly.
This Court granted Dietz' petition for a writ of certiorari to resolve confusion
in the Courts of Appeals on whether and when a federal district court has the
authority to recall a jury after discharging it. 577 U. S. ___, 136 S. Ct. 896,
193 L. Ed. 2d 788 (2016). See Wagner v. Jones, 758 F. 3d 1030, 1034-1035 (CA8
2014), cert. denied, 575 U. S. ___, 135 S. Ct. 1529, 191 L. Ed. 2d 558 (2015);
United States v. Figueroa, 683 F. 3d 69, 72-73 (CA3 2012); United States v.
Rojas, 617 F. 3d 669, 677-678 (CA2 2010); United States v. Marinari, 32 F. 3d
1209, 1214 (CA7 1994); Summers v. United States, 11 F. 2d 583, 585-587 (CA4
1926).

 [HN4]  [**LEdHR4] [4] ERISA does not guarantee [***13]  substantive benefits.
The statute, instead, seeks to make the benefits promised by an employer more
secure by mandating certain oversight systems and other standard procedures.
[*944] Travelers, 514 U. S., at 651,  115 S. Ct. 1671, 131 L. Ed. 2d 695. Those
systems and procedures are intended to be uniform. Id., at 656, 115 S. Ct. 1671,
131 L. Ed. 2d 695 (ERISA's pre-emption clause "indicates Congress's intent to
establish the regulation of employee welfare benefit plans 'as exclusively a
federal concern'" (quoting Alessi v. Raybestos-Manhattan, Inc., 451 U. S. 504,
523, 101 S. Ct. 1895, 68 L. Ed. 2d 402 (1981))). "Requiring ERISA administrators
to master the relevant laws of 50 States and to contend with litigation would
undermine the congressional goal of 'minimiz[ing] the administrative and
financial burden[s]' on plan administrators--burdens ultimately borne by the
beneficiaries." Egelhoff, supra, at 149-150, 121 S. Ct. 1322, 149 L. Ed. 2d 264
(quoting Ingersoll-Rand Co. v. McClendon, 498 U. S. 133, 142, 111 S. Ct. 478,
112 L. Ed. 2d 474 (1990)); see also Fort Halifax Packing Co. v. Coyne, 482 U. S.
1, 9, 107 S. Ct. 2211, 96 L. Ed. 2d 1 (1987).

[HN5]  [**LEdHR5] [5] ERISA's reporting, disclosure, and recordkeeping
requirements for welfare benefit plans are extensive. ERISA plans must present
participants with a plan description explaining, among other things, the plan's
eligibility requirements and claims-processing procedures. §§1021(a)(1), 1022,
1024(b)(1). Plans must notify participants when a claim is denied and state the
basis for the denial. §1133(1). Most important for the pre-emption question
presented here, welfare benefit plans governed by ERISA must file an annual
report with the Secretary [***14]  of Labor. The report must include a financial
statement listing assets and liabilities for  [**32]  the previous year and,
further, receipts and disbursements of funds. §§1021(b), 1023(b)(1),
1023(b)(3)(A)-(B), 1024(a). The information on assets and liabilities as well as
receipts and disbursements must be provided to plan participants on an annual
basis as well. §§1021(a)(2), 1023(b)(3)(A)-(B), 1024(b)(3). Because welfare
benefit plans are in the business of providing benefits to plan participants, a
plan's reporting of data on disbursements by definition incorporates paid
claims. See Dept. of Labor, Schedule H (Form 5500) Financial Information (2015)
(requiring reporting of "[b]enefit claims payable" and "[b]enefit payment and
payments to provide benefits"), online at http://www.
dol.gov/ebsa/pdf/2015-5500-Schedule-H.pdf (as last visited Feb. 26, 2016).

[HN6]  [**LEdHR6] [6] The Secretary of Labor has authority to establish
additional reporting and disclosure requirements for ERISA plans. ERISA permits
the Secretary to use the data disclosed by plans "for statistical and research
purposes, and [to] compile and publish such studies, analyses, reports, and
surveys based thereon as he may deem appropriate." §1026(a). The Secretary also
may, "in connection" with any research, "collect, compile, analyze, and publish
data, [***15]  information, and statistics relating to" plans. §1143(a)(1); see
also §1143(a)(3) (approving "other studies relating to employee benefit plans,
the matters regulated by this subchapter, and the enforcement procedures
provided for under this subchapter").

ERISA further permits the Secretary of Labor to "requir[e] any information or
data from any [plan] where he finds such data or information is necessary to
carry out the purposes of" the statute, §1024(a)(2)(B), and, when investigating
a possible statutory violation, "to require the submission of reports, books,
and records, and the filing of data" related to other requisite filings,
§1134(a)(1). The Secretary has the general power to promulgate regulations
"necessary or appropriate" to administer the statute, §1135, and to provide
exemptions from any reporting obligations, §1024(a)(3).

It should come as no surprise, then, that  [HN7]  [**LEdHR7] [7] plans must keep
detailed records so  [*945]  compliance with ERISA's reporting and disclosure
requirements may be "verified, explained, or clarified, and checked for accuracy
and completeness." §1027. The records to be retained must "include vouchers,
worksheets, receipts, and applicable resolutions." Ibid.; see also §1135
(allowing the Secretary to "provide for the keeping of books and records, and
[***16]  for the inspection of such books and records").

[HN8]  [**LEdHR8] [8] These various requirements are not mere formalities.
Violation of any one of them may result in both civil and criminal liability.
See §§1131-1132.

As all this makes plain,  [HN9]  [**LEdHR9] [9] reporting, disclosure, and
record keeping are central to, and an essential part of, the uniform system of
plan administration contemplated by ERISA. The Court, in fact, has noted often
that these requirements are integral aspects of ERISA. See, e.g., Dillingham,
519 U. S., at 327, 117 S. Ct. 832, 136 L. Ed. 2d 791; Travelers, supra, at 651,
115 S. Ct. 1671, 131 L. Ed. 2d 695; Ingersoll-Rand, supra, at 137, 111 S. Ct.
478, 112 L. Ed. 2d 474; Massachusetts v. Morash, 490 U. S. 107, 113, 115, 109 S.
Ct. 1668, 104 L. Ed. 2d 98  [**33]  (1989); Fort Halifax, supra, at 9, 107 S.
Ct. 2211, 96 L. Ed. 2d 1; Metropolitan Life Ins. Co. v. Massachusetts, 471 U. S.
724, 732, 105 S. Ct. 2380, 85 L. Ed. 2d 728 (1985).
